This artifact is designed to function as a stock market securities information reporting service and utilizes a RESTful API web-based protocol to retrieve specified company data 
in conjunction with a MongoDB database of company stocks information.  

This artifact was selected to showcase my abilities and skills in developing algorithms that search and retrieve data according to customer’s requests, using advanced programming 
techniques in multiple languages that interface within a full stack environment, and using application programming interfaces (APIs) to create a reusable software service.  The 
artifact was previously designed to retrieve a list of companies that that have the highest number of totals shares outstanding and then group the companies by their respective 
industry.  It was later decided that this artifact could be significantly improved if it could provide potential investors with one of the most important values in respect to 
stocks, which is market capitalization.  The function will be significantly more efficient as it will only need to search for one specified company name and then determine the 
company’s respective market capitalization, or market cap.

The design of the new function of determining a company’s market cap value significantly improves its efficiency and provides the user with a more valuable result. Potential 
investors can simply input the company name into the program, and it will return the company’s market cap value which is a great indicator of potential risk that is involved 
while investing in company stocks.  

Modifying this artifact was another example of returning to an old project after a period of time and having fresh ideas that can improve its functionality and efficiency.  These 
moments in software development teach us that innovation is a constant process and extremely relevant in computer science.  During the process of modifying this artifact I was
also able to relate the similarities between continuously learning new skills as a software engineer, and continuously improving and innovating older technology that we have 
developed. 
